Update release 2.0 documentation (#698)
RevealBi/Documentation: docs/web/getting-started-spring-boot-jersey.md

![](images/getting-started-spring-boot-jersey-java-version.jpg)

8 - Choose the **Spring Web** dependency.

> ![](images/getting-started-spring-boot-jersey-dependencies.jpg)

Author: Not a concern.

## Step 2 - Add Reveal SDK

> The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the Java SDK now wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run .NET, such as AIX, are not supported. If you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.

Author: ```suggestion
The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the Java SDK now wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run .NET, such as AIX, are not supported. Also, if you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.
```

> The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the Java SDK now wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run .NET, such as AIX, are not supported. Also, if you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.

Author: ```suggestion
The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the new Java SDK wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run .NET, such as AIX, are no longer supported. Also, if you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.
```

> The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the Java SDK now wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run those components, such as AIX, are not supported. If you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.

Author: ```suggestion
The Java SDK requires Java 17 or higher. Because the Java SDK now wraps native .NET components, some rare platforms that cannot run .NET, such as AIX, are not supported. If you use Jetty as your server, its version might conflict with the Jetty version used internally by Reveal SDK, which is currently 12.0.12.
```

```xml title="pom.xml"
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.revealbi</groupId>
    <artifactId>reveal-sdk-servlet</artifactId>
    <version>[var:sdkVersion]</version>
</dependency>
```

2 - Register `RevealEngineServlet` as a Spring Boot servlet. The current Java SDK no longer sits on top of JAX-RS, so you do not need to register Reveal SDK classes in a JAX-RS context. The `RevealEngineServlet` constructor also receives the request and creates the `RVUserContext`, replacing the previous container-aware user context provider setup. Replace the sample provider classes and the `createPropertiesFrom(request)` helper with your application's implementations.

```java title="Application.java"
@SpringBootApplication
public class Application {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
       SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
    }

    @Bean
    ServletRegistrationBean<RevealEngineServlet> revealServlet() {
       RevealEngineServlet revealEngineServlet = new RevealEngineServlet(() -> new RevealServerBuilder()

>                 // Replace these sample providers with your application's implementations.

Author: ```suggestion
```

                .setAuthenticationProvider(new MyIRVAuthenticationProvider())
                .setDashboardProvider(new RVDashboardProvider("c:\\your-path"))
                .setDataSourceProvider(new MyIRVDataSourceProvider())
                .addSettings(settings -> {
                    // settings.setLicense("your license or remove to use ~/.revealbi-sdk/license.key");
                })
                // Implement createPropertiesFrom in your application if you need request properties.
                .build(), request -> new RVUserContext("whatever", createPropertiesFrom(request)));

       return new ServletRegistrationBean<>(revealEngineServlet, "/reveal-api/*");
    }
}
```

## Step 3 - Create Dashboards Folder

1 - Create a folder for your dashboards.

2 - Configure `RVDashboardProvider` with the folder that contains your dashboards.

```java title="Application.java"
new RevealServerBuilder()
    .setDashboardProvider(new RVDashboardProvider("c:\\your-path"))
    .build();
```

> ## Step 4 - Packaging and Deployment

Author: @copilot re-check.

```xml title="pom.xml"
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.revealbi</groupId>
    <artifactId>reveal-sdk-servlet</artifactId>
    <version>[var:sdkVersion]</version>
</dependency>
```

> 2 - Register `RevealEngineServlet` as a Spring Boot servlet. The current Java SDK no longer sits on top of JAX-RS, so you do not need to register Reveal SDK classes with Jersey. The `RevealEngineServlet` constructor also receives the request and creates the `RVUserContext`, replacing the previous container-aware user context provider setup.

Author: Jersey references removed.
